README.md, before:

## 😊 jksb.js
This program will be useful if you are tired of the annoying and endless clock in.  
You can now get a good night's sleep!

## ✨ Features
- Automatically report your health information every day
- Available on almost all platforms

## 🔔 Get Start
This program can run on your mobile devices, desktop and server as well.  
- If you are a Quantumult X, Surge, Loon or Shadowrocket user, just save`jksb.js`file to you app and set the timer.
- If you prefer to use a desktop or server, you need a `nodejs` environment and `npm install request`.

## 📋 Version History
- 2022-09-06 remade the program & added verification code recognition support

- 2022-05-10 updated post parameters

- 2022-04-10 updated post parameters & added pushplus notification support

- 2022-01-30 optimized the logic of program execution

- 2022-01-20 added specific version for Quantumult X and Nodejs & removed the deprecated universal version

- 2021-09-18 updated vaccination state & QR code

- 2021-09-07 optimized the loop function

- 2021-08-23 updated health code color & location

- 2021-08-22 customized notification & updated env   

- 2021-08-20 added support for random time & optimized the login procedure

- 2021-08-03 added persistence store feature

- 2021-07-30 added health report feature

## 🍺 Credits
OpenAPI by [@Peng-YM](https://github.com/Peng-YM)

Commit message:

removed verification code recognition function

README.md, after:

## 😊 jksb.js
This program will be useful if you are tired of the annoying and endless daily health report.  
You can now get a good night's sleep!

## ✨ Features
- Automatically report your health data every day
- Available on almost all platforms

## 🔔 Get Start
This program can run on your mobile devices, desktops and servers as well.  
- If you are a Quantumult X, Surge, Loon or Shadowrocket user, just save`jksb.js`file to you app and set the timer.
> In this way, your IP address is real and depends on where you are, moreover, your will be notified by your phone app.
- If you prefer to use a desktop or server, you need a `nodejs` environment and `npm install request`.
> This program doesn't support notification methods yet in this way, and may not be supported in the future. The IP address will be your sever, not yours, which probably have some side effects.

## 📋 Version History
- 2022-09-10 removed verification code recognition function
- 2022-09-06 remade the program & added verification code recognition support
- 2022-05-10 updated post parameters
- 2022-04-10 updated post parameters & added pushplus notification support
- 2022-01-30 optimized the logic of program execution
- 2022-01-20 added specific version for Quantumult X and Nodejs & removed the deprecated universal version
- 2021-09-18 updated vaccination state & QR code
- 2021-09-07 optimized the loop function
- 2021-08-23 updated health code color & location
- 2021-08-22 customized notification & updated env
- 2021-08-20 added support for random time & optimized the login procedure
- 2021-08-03 added persistence store feature
- 2021-07-30 added health report feature

## 🍺 Credits
OpenAPI by [@Peng-YM](https://github.com/Peng-YM)

## ⚠️ Disclaimer
All downloads and use of the software are deemed to have been carefully read and fully agreed to the following terms.

The software is for personal learning and communication purposes only, commercial and undesirable use is strictly prohibited.
If any commercial or undesirable use is found, the author of the software has the right to revoke the right of use.
The use of this software is at your own risk and the author of the software does not assume any responsibility.
In addition to the terms of service stated in the software, the author of the software shall not be responsible or liable for any accidents, negligence, contract damage, defamation, infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights and any damages resulting from the improper use of the software.
The Software Author shall not be liable for any interruption of service or other defects caused by force majeure or for reasons beyond the control of hacker attacks, communication line interruptions, etc., resulting in the normal use of the Software by the User, but will endeavor to minimize any loss or impact caused to the User as a result.
Please refer to the relevant national laws and regulations for issues not covered by this statement, and when this statement conflicts with the relevant national laws and regulations, the national laws and regulations shall prevail.
The copyright of this software related statement and its right to modify, update and final interpretation are owned by the software author.
